
Pawprints Dog Training and Pet Care Services
Kind, empathetic, reward based training, walking and pet sitting for your furry, feathery or scaly family members

Home  About   Puppy & Dog Training    Dog Walking   Pet Care & Home Visits    Pet Photography   Contact

Pawprints Dog Walking
KI&F image
Pawprints Dog Training & Pet Care Services offer weekday walks in Horley, Crawley and surrounding areas. It may be possible to accomodate ad-hoc weekend and Bank Holiday walks upon request. 

Dogs will be walked individually or in small compatible groups of up to four dogs. Walks will be in safe locations away from roads, in woodland, grasslands or parks. Individual dogs can be walked on pavements from your home if preferred. 

Enriching and mentally stimulating walks are adjusted to suit each individual dog, with a nice balance between running, sniffing, playing, and relaxed mooching about. 

Your dog will be collected from your home, and safely transported to the day's walk location of choice, and will be returned home afterwards, cleaned as best as possible, satisfied, fulfilled and ready to relax after their Pawprints adventures. ​

Forest image
Standard walks will be for a minimum of one hour, however in adverse weather conditions (extremes of heat, rain, storms or cold), walks may be cut short for the safety and enjoyment of your dog's experience. A Home Visit may be arranged as an alternative to walks in this situation. Shorter trots or longer adventure walks are also available.

All Pawprints dogs must by up to date with their vaccinations (including kennel cough), and routine flea and worming treatments. Proof of this will be requested during an initial free of charge consultation where Pawprints will meet you and your dog, to learn their needs and establish compatability.

Dogs new to Pawprints will initially be walked on a long training lead whilst a good relationship is built up, and only allowed offlead once recall is consistent, and with your permission.

To enquire about Pawprints Dog Walking, please click here...    Pawprints Walking Bookings

© 2021 by Karen Hobbs

