
Pawprints logo  Forest picture
Pawprints Dog Training and Pet Care Services
Kind, empathetic, reward based training, walking and pet sitting for your furry, feathery or scaly family members

Home  About  Puppy & Dog Training  Dog Walking  Pet Care & Home Visits  Pet Photography  Contact

Puppy and Dog Training
Puppy Training with Puppy School Sussex logo       Facebook   Instagram   YouTube

PuppyShcoolLogo
And...
SuperPupLogo
Natures Menu Logo


Puppy School is a network of reward-based trainers led by internationally renowned dog behaviourist and trainer, Gwen Bailey.

Puppy School Sussex run fun, family friendly classes for puppies up to 20 weeks of age, using reward based scientifically proven and effective methods.

Recall
Loose lead walking
Handling
Sit, lay down, and stand positions
Play
Enrichment
and much much more!

Puppy School  is delighted to be supported by Natures Menu who have been creating 100% real wholesome food for pets for over 35 years. Families signing up to a Puppy School class will receive a free Natures Menu Puppy Box which includes a Puppy School Class Manual (a handy reference guide accompanying the Puppy School training course), along with free training treats, food samples and vouchers.  

The 6-week Puppy School Sussex courses are run from Tilgate Community Centre, Shackleton Road, Crawley, usually on a Tuesday or Wednesday evening.

Puppy School Sussex is a separate organisation to Pawprints, managed by qualified Puppy School Tutor and Regional Manager Chrissie Pargeter, and assisted by myself, Karen Hobbs, a qualified Associate Puppy School Tutor. I teach the Puppy School Classes in Crawley, whilst Chrissie manages the bookings and teaches the follow-on Super Pups Classes, currently online.

Super Pups is a 6-week follow-on course for puppies and young dogs who have completed the Puppy School course, which builds on many of the skills learned during Puppy School, and adds in lots of new skills and socialisaton exercises. 


To contact Puppy School - Sussex, and to book a class, click here...    Bookings & Enquiries
To see the Puppy School - Sussex Facebook Page, click here...           Puppy School Ssx Facebook
To watch Puppy School Videos on various useful topics, click here...    Puppy School You Tube
To learn more about Puppy School UK, click here...                      Puppy School UK

Pawprints Logo
Pro Member PPN logo

One-to-one Training and older dogs
If your puppy or dog doesn't meet the age criteria to join Puppy School classes, or you would simply prefer a bespoke training service to focus on specific elements of your puppy or dog's training, then a one-to-one training session may be for you.

Whilst it is important to learn all the essentials like recall and walking nicely on the lead, training doesn't always have to be about the serious stuff; learning tricks and creating mentally stimulating activities can be lots of fun for both you and your dog. 

As a member of the Puppy School team, and an approved Professional Member of the Pet Professional Network, you can be confident that you will be coached by me using only the best scientifically proven reward based training methods. 

The Pet Professional Network (PPN) is the first international business support and educational platform for kind, ethical and trusted pet professionals. PPN are proud to work in collaboration with modern, world class training and behavioural institutes and associations. Having undergone a personal assessment process, ensuring I meet their high standards, ethics and force and fear-free philosophy, I have been invited to join their supportive community. 

Following an initial conversation to understand your personal situation and identify the main areas you would like to focus on, your bespoke one-to-one training session will be designed around you and your puppy or dog's individual needs.

Depending on the topics to be worked on, the training session can take place at your home or garden, in a public park or alternatively a secure dog walking field can be hired. 

Pawprints Dog Training & Pet Care Services cover Horley, Crawley and surrounding areas.
To learn more about how Pawprints Dog Training can help you and your dog get in touch here...   Click here

begging dogs image  field training image

© 2021 by Karen Hobbs

